.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\" 
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.TH "DRAPES" "1" "settembre 21, 2006" "Francesco Namuri" ""
.SH "NAME"
drapes \- a desktop wallpaper management application for the GNOME desktop
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.B drapes
command.
.PP 
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBdrapes\fP completes (or replaces) the built\-in GNOME desktop wallpapers selection tool.
It can be configured as a tray application or as a panel applet.
The bigest selling point of drapes is ability to rotate wallapers on a timely basis.
It strives to be as simple as possible and fits in the rest of the GNOME 2 desktop.
.SH "OPTIONS"
drapes follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`\-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP 
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP 
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.

.SH "GCONF SETTINGS"
drapes has several preference settings stored in GConf. Changes to Settings are applied instantly to any running Drapes instance. A summary of the GConf settings and thir purpose are described below.

.TP 
\fB/apps/drapes/enable_timed_shuffle\fR
used to enable/disable time\-based shuffle wallpaper switching.
.TP 
\fB/apps/drapes/monitor\fR.br 
used to enable/disable monitoring of the direcotry specified in /apps/drapes/monitor_directory.
.TP 
\fB/apps/drapes/monitor_directory\fR.br 
the directory that is monitored for changes.
.TP 
\fB/apps/drapes/on_startup\fR.br 
specifies if drapes changes the wallpaper on startup.
.TP 
\fB/apps/drapes/timedelay\fR.br 
time delay between wallpaper changes.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Drapes home page: http://drapes.mindtouchsoftware.com/

The GNU General Public License.
.SH "AUTHOR"
drapes was written by Milosz Tanski <mtanski@gmail.com>.
.PP 
This manual page was written by Francesco Namuri <francesco@namuri.it>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
